the Aequitas wearing the cap in the
first half difficult for goalkeepers
with these kickoffs in Perth
nandez one the hitter
Thompson releasing all saw Danny all
sought through our Pekovic Danny offer
tucks it away the victory but laid
inside three military Danny awesome with
his first goal at members equity stadium
near wonderful finish from Danny also
clever play from Archie Thompson it was
legal i tot boss to Hanley got himself
in difficulty didn't realize I don't
think they're Archie Thompson was in
behind him let the ball rotten then all
of a sudden also was very the ball was
exquisite from Thompson the white
perfect one touching in the finisher
cross Pekovic easy finish for the lights
of danny also wonderful start for the
melbourne victory and a terrible start
for Jason petkovic in his farewell game
that the teammates in front of him did
him no favors and he also it was always
favorite one sent clear by Thompson and
he's got his 10th goal of the season
we've seen that combination so effective
at the melbourne victory in the four
seasons of the a-league
they're dominating in terms of corners
perth glory and dominating last eight or
so minutes
ujjain daddy back in the
come on Buzz
in the history of the island wonderful
scent taste of the first glory fully
deserve to it dominated this last ten
minutes into the drinks break
bedtime pellegrino lovely delivery from
the corner and swing her in the right
mood and then it was the run of daddy he
just wanted a ball got there in animal
bitching pound it in no chairs from the
Aequitas daddy our blog rebooting or
leave out jumping Rodriguez Vargas
celebrating with Pellegrino
wonderful delivery from the midfielder
nine goals for Eugene daddy that makes
you wonder why he SAT back in Perth when
it was all on the line
soleski using Hernandez Kenny was
allowed to turn but topples family
stepped up in the right side
muscular crossed
Danny
the agganis of Sakura has one back look
at later
y'all the side of people
I'm working fitness agoura we saw it
nice starting from the salmon to
pressure on it at offensive sense it
gave him so much in it from credit him
with this one each is pressured Billy
Zaleski it was a short ball into Marcus
integral development and media Luca
pizza destroyed on he had the cider
early welding enemies there were
wonderful finish invictus agoura
brilliant the fizzy working in front
third
eugene daddy and nikita auger bits are
have been on eight goals for some time
now they've got 29 goals apiece to share
the record for the firm boring in an
a-league season
headed by Jamie Hahn well and Bobby des
petoskey and what I what would the
youngsters celebrate about me the last
time to hug their hero up the Holland
tomorrow
condo yeah finding Thompson condo yet
making a run forward as well knife
Fabiana is also there
he committed no offense but the referee
blew the whistle
kevin muscat came across briefly but
leaves the situation for Billy soleski
Ronnie Vargas is at the back post Eugene
daddy comes back to
man up on musket good delivery petkovic
being followed Jason care convictions an
unfortunate moment and his farewell game
and no fabiano off the bench at halftime
has leveled it again here at members
equity terrible moment for Jason Pekovic
there was a lot of bodies in on top of
him on that six yard box of delivery
from celestion looked initially
independent which is claiming but as he
came down I think his arm may have come
into contact with also the ball spilled
loose and it was named fabiano the super
sub as the early merit referred to him
has come on to great effect and scored
goals in the recent past Pekovic will be
disappointed he dropped it in in fabiana
with the easiest and finishes and a
repeat at the start from the first half
of the Perth Glory
legolas he had to be told to come
forward to take this Ricky gets a beauty
as well and you tamed a stretched out
he's up to 10 goals for the season you
Jane daddy welcome
to the starting line I could barely be
the most manly voice almost the top
scorer in the league as well wonderful
girl party it almost as if they've got a
grommet in no point but now I'm doing
love the big dream into a false sense of
security and all of a sudden quality
more whipped in second row ski and he
was just beautiful control volibear from
Eugene Danny wonderful technique and
gold bone density beautiful finish first
glory player in the history of the ene a
leg to notch double figures in a season
Eugene Danny with number 10